Jennifer Martinez: Good afternoon everyone! Thanks so much for taking the time today.
Jennifer Martinez: I'm Jennifer Martinez, Enterprise Account Executive at Forrester.
Michael Stevens: Hi Jennifer, I'm Michael Stevens, CIO at Meridian Financial.
Michael Stevens: Thanks for reaching out. I have my team here as well.
Rachel Kim: Rachel Kim, VP of Technology Strategy.
David Porter: And I'm David Porter, Head of Enterprise Architecture.
Jennifer Martinez: Wonderful to meet you all. I also have Tom Chen with me today.
Tom Chen: Hi everyone, Tom Chen, Principal Analyst covering financial services.
Tom Chen: I focus specifically on digital transformation in banking.
Jennifer Martinez: Perfect. So Michael, I really appreciate you taking this meeting.
Jennifer Martinez: I know you reached out after seeing our recent report on AI modernization.
Jennifer Martinez: Before I dive in, can you share what prompted your interest?
Michael Stevens: Sure. We're in the middle of a major technology transformation.
Michael Stevens: We've got competing priorities around cloud migration, AI implementation.
Michael Stevens: Cybersecurity upgrades, legacy system modernization.
Michael Stevens: Frankly, we're struggling to prioritize and sequence these initiatives.
Michael Stevens: And the board is asking tough questions about ROI and timeline.
Rachel Kim: We're also concerned about being left behind by more agile competitors.
Rachel Kim: We see fintechs and neobanks moving fast on digital experiences.
Rachel Kim: Our customers are expecting that same level of innovation from us.
Jennifer Martinez: That's exactly the challenge we help financial services firms navigate.
Jennifer Martinez: You're definitely not alone - this is the number one pain point we hear.
Tom Chen: Michael, if I can jump in - I've worked with over 50 financial institutions.
Tom Chen: And what you're describing is a pattern we see constantly.
Tom Chen: The challenge isn't lack of technology options, it's strategic clarity.
Tom Chen: Most organizations are trying to do too much without a clear framework.
Michael Stevens: That resonates. We have about 30 initiatives in flight right now.
Michael Stevens: And honestly, I couldn't tell you which ones truly matter most.
Jennifer Martinez: So let me walk you through how Forrester could support you.
Jennifer Martinez: We offer three core value propositions for organizations like yours.
Jennifer Martinez: First, strategic guidance from analysts like Tom who know your industry.
Jennifer Martinez: Second, proprietary research and data to benchmark your performance.
Jennifer Martinez: And third, practical frameworks and tools to execute transformation.
Jennifer Martinez: Tom, maybe you could talk about how this would work specifically for Meridian?
Tom Chen: Absolutely. Based on what you've shared, I'd recommend starting with an inquiry.
Tom Chen: This is where we'd spend time understanding your current state and goals.
Tom Chen: Then we'd help you build a prioritized technology roadmap.
Tom Chen: We use our Tech Tide framework to assess which technologies are mature enough.
Tom Chen: And which require more time before enterprise adoption.
David Porter: How does that differ from what the big consulting firms offer?
David Porter: We've had McKinsey and Deloitte pitch us similar roadmap services.
Tom Chen: Great question. The key difference is we're not selling implementation services.
Tom Chen: We're truly independent - we don't have a vested interest in which vendors you choose.
Tom Chen: Our research is based on surveying thousands of enterprises and technology buyers.
Tom Chen: So you're getting data-driven insights, not just one consultant's opinion.
Tom Chen: And our analyst community means you get expertise across multiple domains.
Tom Chen: If you need cloud guidance, I can bring in our cloud analysts.
Tom Chen: If you need security expertise, we have analysts who focus solely on that.
Rachel Kim: That's interesting. How many analyst inquiries would we get?
Jennifer Martinez: With the contract tier I'm recommending for you, it's unlimited inquiries.
Jennifer Martinez: You could speak with our analysts as often as you need throughout the year.
Jennifer Martinez: Most clients at your size typically do 20 to 40 inquiries annually.
Jennifer Martinez: Some tactical, 30-minute calls, others deep-dive strategy sessions.
Michael Stevens: What does a typical inquiry look like? Can you give me an example?
Tom Chen: Sure. Let me give you a recent example from another regional bank.
Tom Chen: They were evaluating generative AI platforms for customer service.
Tom Chen: They had vendors pitching them - IBM, Google, Microsoft, OpenAI.
Tom Chen: They came to me with their requirements and the vendor proposals.
Tom Chen: We spent an hour walking through the pros and cons of each option.
Tom Chen: I shared our vendor assessments, which include customer reference data.
Tom Chen: I also flagged regulatory considerations specific to financial services.
Tom Chen: They left with a clear recommendation and felt confident in their decision.
Tom Chen: That kind of inquiry saves them months of evaluation time and reduces risk.
David Porter: Do you have assessments of all major technology vendors?
Jennifer Martinez: We evaluate over 4,000 vendors across different categories.
Jennifer Martinez: We publish Forrester Wave reports which are our in-depth competitive evaluations.
Jennifer Martinez: We look at 25 to 30 criteria for each vendor in a category.
Jennifer Martinez: We also do continuous vendor landscape tracking between Waves.
Tom Chen: And importantly, vendors don't pay to be included in our research.
Tom Chen: Our revenue comes from you, the buyer, not from vendors.
Tom Chen: That's what enables us to give unbiased recommendations.
Rachel Kim: What about research? You mentioned proprietary research earlier.
Jennifer Martinez: Yes, this is a huge part of the value. Let me pull up our research portal.
Jennifer Martinez: We publish over 2,000 research documents per year.
Jennifer Martinez: Everything from tactical how-to guides to strategic market forecasts.
Jennifer Martinez: For financial services specifically, Tom's team publishes weekly.
Tom Chen: We cover topics like digital banking transformation, AI implementation.
Tom Chen: Core banking modernization, customer experience optimization.
Tom Chen: Regulatory technology, embedded finance, open banking strategies.
Michael Stevens: How quickly do you respond to emerging trends?
Michael Stevens: Like when ChatGPT launched, how fast did you have guidance on that?
Tom Chen: We actually published our first generative AI guidance within two weeks of launch.
Tom Chen: We have a rapid response research process for game-changing developments.
Tom Chen: And we were already tracking large language models before ChatGPT went viral.
Tom Chen: So our clients weren't caught flat-footed when their boards started asking questions.
Jennifer Martinez: That's actually a good segue to talk about executive programs.
Jennifer Martinez: We have resources specifically designed for communicating with your board.
Jennifer Martinez: Executive briefings, board-ready presentations, business case templates.
Rachel Kim: That would be incredibly helpful. We're constantly preparing board materials.
Rachel Kim: It would save us significant time to have frameworks we could customize.
Jennifer Martinez: Exactly. And we can also do custom executive briefings.
Jennifer Martinez: Tom or another analyst could present directly to your board if helpful.
Jennifer Martinez: We've done this for many clients - gives an outside expert perspective.
Michael Stevens: Interesting. What would something like that cost?
Jennifer Martinez: Custom briefings are included in the enterprise tier membership.
Jennifer Martinez: Let me walk you through the membership structure and pricing.
Jennifer Martinez: We have three tiers - Foundation, Leadership, and Enterprise.
Jennifer Martinez: Based on your organization's size and needs, I'd recommend Enterprise.
Jennifer Martinez: That gives you unlimited analyst inquiries, full research access.
Jennifer Martinez: Priority scheduling, custom briefings, and access to our tools and templates.
Jennifer Martinez: For Meridian, the annual investment would be $425,000.
Jennifer Martinez: That covers up to 25 named users across your technology organization.
Michael Stevens: That's... not an insignificant investment. Help me understand the ROI.
Jennifer Martinez: Absolutely fair question. Let me break down how clients typically see value.
Jennifer Martinez: First, vendor selection optimization. One bad vendor decision can cost millions.
Jennifer Martinez: Our research helps you avoid costly mistakes and negotiate better.
Jennifer Martinez: Second, faster decision-making. Time is money in technology.
Jennifer Martinez: If we help you make decisions 30% faster, that's significant competitive value.
Jennifer Martinez: Third, risk reduction. Failed technology projects are incredibly expensive.
Tom Chen: Let me add some context from similar financial institutions.
Tom Chen: We worked with a bank similar to your size last year.
Tom Chen: They were about to invest $8 million in a core banking platform.
Tom Chen: Through our inquiry process, we identified critical gaps in the vendor's offering.
Tom Chen: They ended up choosing a different vendor that was better suited to their needs.
Tom Chen: They estimate we saved them from a failed implementation that would have cost.
Tom Chen: Tens of millions in switching costs and lost opportunity.
David Porter: Do you provide implementation guidance or just strategic advice?
Tom Chen: We focus on the strategic and planning phases primarily.
Tom Chen: We help you make the right decisions about what to do and how to approach it.
Tom Chen: We provide implementation frameworks and best practices.
Tom Chen: But we don't do the hands-on implementation work that consultancies do.
Tom Chen: Many clients use us to plan, then hire implementers to execute.
Tom Chen: And we can help you evaluate and select those implementation partners too.
Rachel Kim: What about peer networking? Do you facilitate connections with other banks?
Jennifer Martinez: Yes! This is actually one of our most valued benefits.
Jennifer Martinez: We host executive forums and peer roundtables throughout the year.
Jennifer Martinez: These bring together technology leaders from financial services firms.
Jennifer Martinez: You'd be connecting with CIOs from banks of similar size and complexity.
Jennifer Martinez: Many clients tell us the peer connections alone are worth the membership.
Tom Chen: We also facilitate customer reference conversations.
Tom Chen: If you're evaluating a technology, I can connect you with other banks using it.
Tom Chen: We have relationships with thousands of technology leaders.
Michael Stevens: That's actually really valuable. We struggle to get honest vendor feedback.
Michael Stevens: Vendors only give us references who will say positive things.
Tom Chen: Exactly. We can connect you with both successful and challenged implementations.
Tom Chen: So you get the full picture, not just the curated success stories.
Jennifer Martinez: Let me also mention our data and benchmarking capabilities.
Jennifer Martinez: We survey thousands of technology decision-makers quarterly.
Jennifer Martinez: You can benchmark your technology spending, staffing, and priorities.
Jennifer Martinez: Against peers in your industry and size category.
Rachel Kim: That would help us tremendously with budget justification.
Rachel Kim: Our CFO always wants to know how we compare to industry norms.
Jennifer Martinez: We have clients who use our data in every board presentation.
Jennifer Martinez: It adds credibility and context to your recommendations.
David Porter: What about technical architecture guidance?
David Porter: We're trying to move to microservices and cloud-native architectures.
Tom Chen: We have architects who specialize in enterprise architecture patterns.
Tom Chen: They can review your architecture plans and provide feedback.
Tom Chen: We also have reference architectures and blueprints you can customize.
Tom Chen: For financial services, we have specific guidance on regulatory compliance.
Tom Chen: Data residency, security controls, audit requirements.
Michael Stevens: How do you stay current? Technology changes so fast.
Tom Chen: We have a continuous research model. I personally speak with.
Tom Chen: Dozens of financial institutions every month gathering intelligence.
Tom Chen: We also maintain relationships with all major technology vendors.
Tom Chen: We get early briefings on product roadmaps and strategy changes.
Tom Chen: And we're constantly analyzing market trends and disruptions.
Jennifer Martinez: Tom attends dozens of industry conferences each year too.
Jennifer Martinez: He's often a keynote speaker sharing Forrester's research.
Rachel Kim: Do you cover emerging technologies like quantum computing?
Tom Chen: We do, though I'd characterize quantum as very early stage still.
Tom Chen: We have analysts tracking quantum and can provide reality checks.
Tom Chen: On when it becomes relevant for financial services use cases.
Tom Chen: Right now, honestly, most firms should be watching but not investing heavily.
Tom Chen: We're probably 5 to 10 years from practical enterprise applications.
Michael Stevens: That's helpful context. What about AI governance?
Michael Stevens: We're getting pressure to deploy AI but also to govern it responsibly.
Tom Chen: This is one of our hottest topics right now. We have an entire practice.
Tom Chen: Focused on AI ethics, governance, and risk management.
Tom Chen: We've developed frameworks for responsible AI implementation.
Tom Chen: Including model validation, bias detection, explainability requirements.
Tom Chen: For banks, this is critical given regulatory scrutiny.
Jennifer Martinez: We actually just published a major report on AI governance last month.
Jennifer Martinez: If you become a member, that would be immediately available to you.
Michael Stevens: How does onboarding work if we decide to move forward?
Jennifer Martinez: Great question. We have a structured onboarding process.
Jennifer Martinez: First, we'd have a kickoff call to understand your priority initiatives.
Jennifer Martinez: Then we assign you to relevant analysts based on your focus areas.
Jennifer Martinez: We'd set up your team on our research portal and tools.
Jennifer Martinez: And schedule your first inquiry sessions within the first two weeks.
Jennifer Martinez: We also provide training on how to get maximum value from the membership.
Rachel Kim: How many inquiries do you think we'd need in the first quarter?
Tom Chen: Based on what you've shared, I'd suggest planning for 8 to 10.
Tom Chen: You could do a deep dive on your technology roadmap prioritization.
Tom Chen: A session on AI implementation strategy.
Tom Chen: Cloud migration planning, vendor evaluations for specific initiatives.
Tom Chen: And probably some tactical inquiries as needs arise.
David Porter: Can we involve our broader team or just senior leadership?
Jennifer Martinez: With 25 seats, you can include directors and senior managers too.
Jennifer Martinez: Many clients give access to their architecture team, security team.
Jennifer Martinez: Innovation team, and project managers leading major initiatives.
Jennifer Martinez: This ensures everyone is working from the same strategic insights.
Michael Stevens: What's the contract term? Is this an annual commitment?
Jennifer Martinez: Yes, it's an annual membership that renews automatically.
Jennifer Martinez: We find it takes a full year to realize the value of the relationship.
Jennifer Martinez: But we can discuss payment terms - monthly, quarterly, or annual.
Michael Stevens: And if we're not satisfied, is there an exit option?
Jennifer Martinez: We have a 90-day satisfaction guarantee.
Jennifer Martinez: If you're not seeing value, we can work together to adjust the engagement.
Jennifer Martinez: Or in rare cases, we'd process a prorated refund.
Jennifer Martinez: But honestly, our renewal rate is over 90 percent.
Jennifer Martinez: Once clients start using the service, they find it indispensable.
Rachel Kim: Can you share some client success stories from financial services?
Tom Chen: Sure, though I'll keep names confidential. We worked with a regional bank.
Tom Chen: Similar size to Meridian, who was struggling with digital banking transformation.
Tom Chen: They had tried to build their own digital platform and it stalled.
Tom Chen: We helped them understand why their approach wasn't working.
Tom Chen: Recommended a build-versus-buy assessment framework.
Tom Chen: They ended up partnering with a digital banking platform provider.
Tom Chen: Launched their new digital experience in 18 months versus the original 3-year timeline.
Tom Chen: And came in 40 percent under their original budget.
Tom Chen: They credit Forrester with helping them avoid a costly mistake.
Michael Stevens: That's a compelling example. What about specific vendor recommendations?
Michael Stevens: Can you tell us who we should work with for specific technology needs?
Tom Chen: Yes, but with appropriate context. We don't have a standard answer.
Tom Chen: For every organization because your requirements are unique.
Tom Chen: What works for one bank might not work for Meridian.
Tom Chen: In an inquiry, I'd walk through your specific requirements.
Tom Chen: Then recommend 2 or 3 vendors worth evaluating.
Tom Chen: And help you understand the trade-offs between them.
David Porter: Do you have relationships with vendors that might bias your recommendations?
Jennifer Martinez: We're very transparent about this. Vendors can purchase.
Jennifer Martinez: Research services from us - things like being included in our Waves.
Jennifer Martinez: Or getting briefings on our research findings.
Jennifer Martinez: But that doesn't influence our recommendations to buyer clients.
Jennifer Martinez: We have strict ethical walls between our vendor and buyer practices.
Jennifer Martinez: Tom's compensation isn't tied to vendor relationships at all.
Tom Chen: My job is to give you honest, unbiased advice based on data.
Tom Chen: If I recommend a vendor and it doesn't work out, I lose credibility.
Tom Chen: My success is measured by your success and renewal rates.
Michael Stevens: Okay, that's reassuring. What about international coverage?
Michael Stevens: We have operations in Europe and Asia-Pacific.
Jennifer Martinez: We're a global firm with analysts in every major region.
Jennifer Martinez: You'd have access to our analysts worldwide, not just North America.
Jennifer Martinez: We cover regional regulatory differences, market dynamics.
Jennifer Martinez: And can connect you with local experts for market-specific questions.
Rachel Kim: How do you handle confidential information?
Rachel Kim: Some of our technology initiatives are competitively sensitive.
Tom Chen: We treat all client conversations as strictly confidential.
Tom Chen: We don't share your specific strategies or plans with anyone.
Tom Chen: When we publish research, we aggregate and anonymize insights.
Tom Chen: You'll never see "Meridian Financial is doing X" in our reports.
Tom Chen: We also sign NDAs when necessary for particularly sensitive topics.
Jennifer Martinez: We take data security and confidentiality extremely seriously.
Jennifer Martinez: It's foundational to our business model and reputation.
Michael Stevens: This all sounds promising. What are the next steps?
Jennifer Martinez: I'd like to send you a formal proposal with detailed scope and pricing.
Jennifer Martinez: I can also arrange for you to speak with a current client as a reference.
Jennifer Martinez: Someone from a similar financial institution who can share their experience.
Jennifer Martinez: And we could schedule a follow-up call to address any additional questions.
Michael Stevens: That sounds good. I'd definitely like to speak with a reference client.
Michael Stevens: And I'll need to discuss this with our CFO and CEO before committing.
Jennifer Martinez: Absolutely understood. Would it be helpful for me to prepare.
Jennifer Martinez: Some materials you could share with them? ROI analysis, case studies?
Michael Stevens: Yes, that would be helpful. Especially ROI justification.
Rachel Kim: I'd also like to understand the research access in more detail.
Rachel Kim: Maybe you could give us a demo of the portal?
Jennifer Martinez: Perfect. I can schedule a 30-minute portal demo with you.
Jennifer Martinez: You'll be able to see exactly what research is available.
Jennifer Martinez: And how our search and recommendation features work.
David Porter: When would we be able to start if we sign up?
Jennifer Martinez: We can typically onboard new clients within one week.
Jennifer Martinez: So if you sign by end of month, you could have your first inquiry.
Jennifer Martinez: In early March. We'd make sure Tom is available for priority scheduling.
Tom Chen: And I'd personally make sure your onboarding is smooth.
Tom Chen: I'd join your kickoff call to understand your immediate priorities.
Tom Chen: And recommend which other analysts you should connect with.
Michael Stevens: Okay, this has been a very productive conversation.
Michael Stevens: I appreciate you taking the time to understand our situation.
Michael Stevens: Rather than just giving us a generic pitch.
Jennifer Martinez: That's exactly our approach. We want this to be a true partnership.
Jennifer Martinez: Not just a vendor relationship. Your success is our success.
Tom Chen: And I'm excited about the possibility of working with you all.
Tom Chen: The challenges you're facing are exactly what I love helping clients navigate.
Rachel Kim: Thank you both. This was very informative.
David Porter: Yes, definitely gave us a lot to think about.
Jennifer Martinez: Wonderful. Let me send over those materials by tomorrow.
Jennifer Martinez: And I'll coordinate the reference call and portal demo.
Jennifer Martinez: Should we schedule a follow-up for next week?
Michael Stevens: Let's plan for next Friday. That gives us time to review everything.
Michael Stevens: And have internal discussions.
Jennifer Martinez: Perfect. I'll send a calendar invite. Thanks again everyone.
Tom Chen: Looking forward to working with you. Have a great rest of your day.
Michael Stevens: You too. Thanks Jennifer, thanks Tom.
Rachel Kim: Bye everyone.
David Porter: Take care.